[narr]
In the previous episode,
the second round
finally started.
Nankatsu went up against
Team Naniwa
and their invincible
goalie Nakanishi.
Despite
his tremendous size,
Nakanishi had
a lot of agility,
but in the end,
Tsubasa's great resilience
broke through
Nakanishi's defense.
He even scored from
outside the danger zone,
making him realize
he's still inferior
to Nankatsu's goalie,
Genzo Wakabayashi.
And then Nakanishi...
Prepare yourself because
you won't be able to use
your right leg
ever again.
[yell]
[narr] And after the game,
Tsubasa found out that
Musashi's captain,
Jun Misugi,
suffers from
a serious heart condition.
But meanwhile,
Meiwa's match against Furano
is about to begin.
And a mysterious player
known as
"Meiwa's secret weapon"
is about to arrive.
[ann] We're in the single
elimination phase
of the national
tournament.
We are about to witness
one of the most
anticipated matches
by everyone since
the tournament started.
[narr]
You can do it, Furano!
[ann] From
the Hokkaido prefecture,
we'll see Team Furano
versus Team Meiwa,
who represent
the Saitama prefecture.
Once the match
is officially over,
it will be
Team Nankatsu's turn
to go up against
Team Musashi.
Meiwa versus Murano...
It's hard to tell
who'll come out on top.
Mhm.
I'll show all of
those scouts...
that I'm
the best player here.
[narr]
Episode 19:
Fierce fight!
Meiwa VS Furano.
[ann] All of the players
are in position.
Who will win
this encounter?
Will it be Meiwa,
lead by Kojiro Hyuga?
Or maybe it'll be Furano,
lead by Hikaru Matsuyama?
[Hikaru]
Kojiro Hyuga...
Today, you're going to learn
a lesson in humility.
[Kojiro] Working as a team?
That's for losers.
I'll show you that
all I need
to win this match
is myself.
[ann]
The referee looks ready
and Noboru Sawaki
-[whistle]
passes it to Takeshi Sawada.
It started.
I'm pumped!
[ann] Even though
he's only a fourth grader,
Takeshi Sawada has shown
to be a player
with a lot of talent
and great determination.
We're going to make it
to the finals.
I don't care if that kid
is a fourth grader.
I want you to go
and get the ball from him.
Of course!
It's yours, Captain.
[gasp]
[ann]
It's a pass from Sawada.
Now Meiwa's captain
has the possession
of the ball.
[Kojiro] Perfect.
It's my turn to attack.
[ann] Hyuga advances
with determination
towards the goalie.
I'll take care of him.
[ann] Hyuga is now
going head to head
with Furano's captain,
Hikaru Matsuyama.
Only a moron would neglect
working with his team.
-You're so arrogant, Hyuga.
-[grunting]
[growl] Let's see if you can
stop me, weakling!
-[grunting]
-[ann] This is the first
duel between the captains.
Hyuga tries to fool him,
but Matsuyama is
sticking to him like glue
and doesn't let him
go through.
Matsuyama
tries to get the ball,
but Hyuga evades him.
What a great duel!
Both of them are impressive.
[grunting]
Damn, he's good.
[Kojiro] You punk,
you're too persistent.
We have to go help
our captain.
Guys, we have to stop him.
-Yeah!
[ann] Team Furano
gets impatient
and runs to help out
their captain
and get the ball
from Hyuga.
Captain!
[gasp]
Guys!
Takeshi!
On it.
[ann] Hyuga attempts
to pass the ball
back to Sawada.
But the pass
is intercepted
by Captain Matsuyama.
-What?
-It's mine!
No.
Kaneda!
[ann] Team Furano
runs to the goal.
Never underestimate me!
I won't let any of you
make of fun me.
[yelling]
Kaneda, he's behind you!
-[scream]
-[grunt]
[ann] And Hyuga
gets the ball back with
- a great sliding tackle.
-[scream]
[grunt] Don't you dare
mess with me.
[grunt]
Damn you, Hyuga.
[ann] And here comes
Hyuga The Tiger.
Nobody dares undermine
the determination
and strength
of this player.
He lost the ball,
but he got it back easily,
and now, he runs towards
Furano's goal.
[grunting]
Everybody go back
and defend right now!
I'll show you and
everyone else
that the best player
in the tournament
is Meiwa's number 10.
[ann] Hyuga is alone
with Furano's goalkeeper.
[Kojiro]
I'm going to win.
No matter what it takes.
Because I...
[ann] Hyuga's
in position to shoot!
[Kojiro]
I am...
the number one player!
[ann]
Goal!
Goal from Meiwa!
-Yeah! That's right!
-Goal!
[ann] Hyuga scores
the first goal of the match,
demonstrating
his strength and agility.
With this, Kojiro Hyuga
places himself
as the top scorer
of the tournament.
He's surpassed Ozora
from Team Nankatsu.
[sighs] Now what are
we going to do?
Don't worry about it, team.
-Huh?
The match just got started,
all right?
Besides, aren't you guys
forgetting something
important?
Team Meiwa has Hyuga,
but we have a team.
-Yeah.
[narr] Furano doesn't
dwell on the past
and keeps at it.
Get outta my way!
[scream]
[ann] Hyuga gets possession
of the ball with another
- powerful sliding tackle.
-Nakagawa!
-[growl]
-[narr] Furano is outshined
by Hyuga's
undeniable power.
Will they find a way
to put a stop to him?
It looks like Meiwa
will be the winner.
I wouldn't be so sure
just yet.
-Huh?
Team Furano plays in a city
that's completely
covered in snow.
[Taro] And every day, Hikaru
and the rest of his team
train hard under
a severe weather.
Give it your all, guys.
Don't let the snow
stop any of you.
They got really strong
training under
difficult conditions.
[gasp]
Captain!
[ann] Matsuyama
receives the ball.
He runs towards the goal
with no one contesting.
Let's pay close attention
to this.
This is my opportunity.
[ann] Matsuyama
gets ready to shoot.
I won't let you shoot!
[ann] Hyuga closes the gap
at full speed.
[Hikaru] What're you
waiting for, Hyuga?
[yelling]
-[grunt]
-[scream]
I messed up!
[ann] Hyuga tried
to sliding tackle,
but doesn't touch
the ball.
Instead, he kicks
Matsuyama's foot.
[whistle]
[ann] And the referee
calls the foul.
Penalty for Furano.
[grunt]
-Hyuga...
-Huh?
You can try all
the tackles that you want.
In fact, I dare you.
[growl] Damn you, twerp,
don't tell me that you--
[ann] The referee
pulls out a yellow card.
Kojiro Hyuga gets booked.
Another foul
like that one
and he'll be sent off
from the match.
Uh...
[ann] It looks like
Furano's captain
will be the one
to shoot the penalty.
Even though
he was the one
who received the foul
just seconds ago.
You need way more than that
if you want to stop me.
You better understand it,
Hyuga.
In soccer, you can't win
by yourself.
If you insist on
that style of play,
you'll be the victim
of your own cockiness.
[ann] Matsuyama
places the ball down
and gets ready.
It's a great opportunity
for Furano
to tie the scoreboard.
I'm ready.
[whistle]
[grunt]
[ann]
Goal by Furano!
The goalkeeper Kawaguchi
could hardly even react.
-Goal!
-Good job, Captain!
How ridiculous.
I'll get even
with that damn bastard.
[narr] However,
Kojiro can't find a way
to counterattack
the formidable Team Furano.
[whistle]
[ann] And the ref
blows the whistle
ending the first half.
Team Furano has managed
to keep the scoreboard 1-1,
preventing Hyuga
from even getting close
to the ball
so he can score again.
All of this is possible
by the great teamwork
from the Furano
and their renowned captain,
Hikaru Matsuyama.
Hyuga seems bothered
by the situation.
He'll have to change up
his strategy
if he wants to turn this
to his favor
in the second half.
[Kazumasa]
Are you sure you're okay?
I'm okay, guys.
Calm down.
If we keep going
at this pace,
we'll be able to win.
Let's do it, Furano.
-Let's do it!
[Tsubasa]
How strange.
Kojiro isn't playing
like his usual self.
[narr]
Team Meiwa's locker room.
[Kojiro]
Damn it all!
[panting]
Captain?
[Mr. Kira]
Kojiro...
You're too tense.
You've been
overworking yourself
for your family
without rest.
Plus the stress
from having to carry
the team's weight
on your shoulders.
Any other player would be
incapable of enduring
this much pressure
all at once.
Takeshi.
Yes?
Listen up, I want you to be
the key player.
Just like you were when
we played against Nankatsu.
Right now, you're the only
one who can help out Kojiro.
[gasp]
Yeah.
Hm...
Kojiro...
[Takeshi]
I met captain Hyuga
in last year's spring term.
Back then, I was still
in third grade.
One, two...
Finally, tomorrow,
we have the tryouts
to get into Team Meiwa.
If I work hard,
I'm sure I'll make it.
Huh? Where's my ball?
Hey, you, kid,
if you only play soccer
to have fun,
you should quit
while you're ahead.
Huh?
The moment you set foot
in the soccer field,
everyone around you
becomes your enemy.
If you want to be
a Meiwa player,
you need to be ready
to go to war.
At that moment, I didn't
know he was Hyuga, but...
[narr] Training camp,
Team Meiwa.
I'm begging you,
please let me tryout
for the team too.
You can't tryout.
The rules say that
only fourth graders and up
can tryout for the team.
Please, I'm begging you
Just let me try out.
Why don't you go home
already, little brat?
Let the kid tryout.
-Huh?
[player 1]
Hyuga...
I saw you earlier.
You play here?
Age is irrelevant when
you're playing soccer.
The only thing that matters
is your skill.
Captain, come on...
Did you forget that none
of the sixth graders
even stood a chance
at covering me?
-Uh...
Excuse me.
Thanks to Kojiro,
I was able to tryout
so I could join the team.
That little guy
has a lot of skill
for his age, doesn't he?
Yeah and he's only
in third grade.
That's impressive.
[Takeshi]
From that day on,
Coach Kozo trained me
personally.
Don't you dare stop,
Takeshi.
No, sir!
[Takeshi] Later,
I found out that Kojiro
helped out his family
by working nightshifts
while playing for the team.
His resilience was
something to look up to,
so I grew to
respect him more.
That's when I made myself
a promise,
to win the national
tournament
for captain Hyuga
as a way to thank him.
[whistle]
[ann] And
the second half starts.
I'll show you
what I'm really made of.
You'll wish you had never
gone up against Meiwa.
Here.
[grunt]
[ann] Kojiro Hyuga jumps
and intercepts the ball.
He's headed straight
to Furano's goal.
You won't get through,
Kojiro.
-[grunting]
-[ann] Matsuyama and Hyuga
are fighting fiercely.
-[grunting]
-[ann] None of them is
willing to give in.
It looks like
the ball will go to...
No!
What was that?
[ann] Oh! Takeshi Sawada
appears outta nowhere
and steals the ball.
-Good job, Takeshi.
-Mhm.
You go on, Captain.
-[pants]
-I won't let you shoot.
[ann] Furano's defense
is too scattered.
Sawada kicks
a crossover pass.
The ball is in mid-air.
Will Matsuyama be able to
intercept it?
[wince]
[scream]
[ann]
But he couldn't!
The ball went above
Furano's captain.
Excellent pass, Takeshi.
[grunting]
-[ann] A goal!
-[grunt]
Hyuga makes his second
goal of the match.
With this goal,
he is now the best scorer
of the tournament
to this point.
Although Nankatsu's
golden duo,
Ozora and Misaki,
is one of the most famous
of the tournament,
we can't ignore
the excellent
- combination of Hyuga
-Well done, Kojiro!
- and Sawada.
-Yeah!
There is no doubt
that when
these two players
are together,
they make a very
dangerous duo.
[Takeshi]
Yeah...
It doesn't matter
what happens.
I'll be there to support
captain Hyuga,
and we'll win
the tournament.
[narr]
And we're back!
[ann] We're still at
the semifinals
of the tournament.
With five minutes left
on the clock
and the scoreboard 2 to 1
in favor of Team Meiwa,
Team Furano tries to tie,
but they've been denied
that privilege.
Both teams have had to
face off against
very strong teams,
which likely means
they're exhausted.
Until now,
Until now, this match has
been a battle of the greats,
a clash of titans.
Neither team is
giving up any ground,
they're giving it
their all,
raising the bar higher
while putting their bodies
to the limit to win.
Let's go, Furano!
You can do it!
I can't afford to lose,
I have to win this match
no matter what.
[Jun]
It's just as I thought...
Kojiro looks like he's sick.
Meanwhile, Hikaru has
a serious leg injury.
There's no way to predict
the outcome of this match.
[grunt]
I won't let
a small injury stop me.
Here, Captain!
[ann] Furano's captain
receives the ball.
Listen up, guys, I want you
to get the ball back!
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[panting]
[grunting]
[ann] The ball comes back
to Matsuyama.
- What a great combination.
-[yell]
- Will they be able to score?
-I won't let you shoot!
[grunt]
[ann]
Wow, Hiroshi Ishii
tries a sliding tackle,
but doesn't
- make contact with the ball.
-This can't be.
[grunt]
-[gasp]
-[whistle]
-[scream]
-[ann] And the referee
calls the foul.
He gives Meiwa
another yellow card.
It's a free kick
for Furano.
Captain!
[grunt]
I'm okay, guys.
We won't lose to something
this stupid.
No!
Wait, Captain.
Remember, Furano,
our team trains harder
than anyone else.
Remember that winter?
We trained daily
under harsh cold weather.
Compared to that,
this is a piece of cake.
Listen here,
I know you're feeling tired,
but you have to keep going.
Just a bit more
and I promise
we'll win this match.
-Yeah!
[ann] It's a free kick
for Team Furano
and Matsuyama
readies himself
to take the shot.
[Kojiro] No!
I'm not liking this one bit.
-[groaning]
-Captain!
-Oh!
You have a fever.
[grunt] Don't worry
about it, Takeshi.
[ann] Matsuyama
will take the free kick.
This is a good
opportunity for Furano.
-[grunt]
-Now!
[grunt]
[ann] Matsuyama
kicks the ball.
It's mine!
I got it!
We're used to jumping
in the snow.
-[yell]
-No!
-The ball is still
-[ann] The ball
-in the air.
- is still in the air.
I have to get the ball back.
[grunts]
[ann] Sawada
can't do anything,
and the ball lands directly
in front of Kazumasa Oda.
- Here comes the volley.
-[gasps]
[ann] Looks like
it's going in.
[grunt]
-[ann] But Hyuga stops
-[gasps]
- the shot!
-[grunt]
[ann] It was
an amazing block.
-[groan]
-[ann] But wait a second,
Matsuyama's
running towards the ball.
[Hikaru]
Damn, my foot.
I won't let you score again.
[ann] Sawada runs up
to stop the shot.
This duel will go to
the player
with the fastest speed.
[yell]
[ann] Goal from Matsuyama,
and Team Furano manages
- to tie the match!
-Yeah!
[cheering]
[ann] Thanks to
their excellent teamwork,
Furano is able to tie
the scoreboard.
[panting]
[Hikaru]
All together now!
[ann] Team Furano is
once again on an offensive.
[grunt]
No!
I won't let you
get near the goal!
-[yelling]
-[ann] Hyuga tries a sliding
tackle against Matsuyama.
But Furano's number 10
is able to evade.
What?
[ann] And Matsuyama
sends a long pass.
It's all yours, Oda!
[ann] The ball
goes straight to
number 11,
Kazumasa Oda.
Stop him right now. Don't
let him shoot the ball.
Ah!
[ann] That's a handball
from Team Meiwa.
The handball happened
- in the penalty area.
-[whistle]
The referee is calling
a penalty kick.
[gasps]
Penalty?
This just can't--
[ann]
This is incredible.
- With less than a minute
-Yeah!
on the clock, Team Furano
is granted a penalty kick.
This mistake
could cost Meiwa
the whole match.
[Kojiro]
Ah... No...
This can't...
be happening.
I can't lose the match
like this.
[Kaori]
Hyuga.
[ann]
Furano's team captain,
Hikaru Matsuyama will be
the one to kick.
This is
a decisive moment.
Captain, we're all
counting on you.
Yeah?
Don't you dare
forget this...
It's thanks to
everyone's hard work.
We're all in this together,
so I want you to think that
every single one of us
is taking this shot.
-Yeah!
Now or never...
[panting]
[swallows]
-[Ken] Just a moment!
-Huh?
Meiwa wants to change
goalkeepers.
[Kojiro]
That's...Ken Wakashimazu.
-You got here on time!
-Welcome back, Ken!
What? He's going to replace
the goalie?
[Mr. Kira] After that
terrible car accident
a few months ago...
Ken rises up from the ashes
like a phoenix.
He is Meiwa's
main goalkeeper.
Welcome, man.
It's up to you.
Mhm.
Oh...
Good luck, Ken.
Captain.
When I catch it,
I want you to run.
Huh?
[ann] The goalkeeper
Ken Wakashimazu
is in position.
Hmm...
I don't care who he is.
I'm going to score
this goal no matter what.
[grunt]
All of us have
sacrificed ourselves
to get this penalty kick.
I'm giving it my all.
Even if it means
breaking my leg.
[ann] Furano's captain
kicks a powerful shot
to the left corner
of the goal.
But Meiwa's goalkeeper
stops it
- with one fell swoop.
-[gasp]
It's your turn, Captain!
Yeah!
[yell]
-[gasp]
-[grunt]
[ann] The goalkeeper
throws the ball
to Hyuga who's all alone.
Everyone go back.
You gotta stop him.
[ann] With his last
ounce of strength,
Hyuga runs frantically
towards Furano's goal.
Team Furano is after him,
and there's less than
30 seconds on the clock.
This is the last stretch.
Meiwa against Furano.
Hyuga is closing in
at great speed.
He's almost in
the danger zone.
[wince]
My leg!
Guys, I put my trust in you.
[pants]
I have...
[Kojiro]
I have to score.
-Damn, he's fast.
-We won't let you shoot!
[panting]
[Kojiro]
I have...
to shoot.
[yelling]
[grunt]
[ann] Incredible,
Oda and Shuichi Yamamuro
try a sliding tackle
at the same time
to stop
Kojiro Hyuga's shot.
-What?
[yelling]
[ann]
Goal from Meiwa.
-[whistle]
-[panting]
[ann]
It's over.
The referee whistles
the end of the game.
[gasp]
[ann]
Incredible.
It's an emotional
rollercoaster for Furano.
Just when it looked like
they would win,
Team Meiwa makes
a player change
and scores at
the last minute.
- With this, Team Furano
-[cheering]
gets eliminated
from the tournament.
-Whee!
-We won!
Good job, Captain!
We did it!
What a shame.
Furano just lost.
It's impossible.
-[laughs]
-We just won?
-You did it!
-I was able...
I did that?
[groan]
-Kojiro!
-Are you okay, Captain?
Kojiro!
What're you waiting for?
Bring him a doctor!
Just like I thought,
it looks like Kojiro
is sick.
We should get going.
-[sobbing]
-You guys don't have to cry.
Everyone here played to
the best of their ability.
And that's why
I'm proud of all of you.
Let's head back to
Hokkaido with dignity.
-Yeah. Yes, Captain.
[sobbing]
[Takeshi]
Are you okay?
I'm doing fine.
[groan]
Don't you worry.
I'm just feeling tired.
[Hikaru]
Kojiro...
I apologize for thinking
badly of you.
Now I see that you too
play soccer with your heart.
Even if we don't agree,
I respect
your style of play.
It may be true that
we lost this match...
but I'm sure...
one day...
we'll face each other gain.
[Ryo]
It was an excellent match.
[Tsubasa]
Yeah...
And now, it's our turn
to show them our skill.
We'll give the crowd
a match
as exciting as Meiwa
against Furano.
-Yeah!
[chatter]
-Huh?
[grunt]
Tsubasa...
At last,
it's time for us
to face each other
on the pitch.
[Tsubasa]
Misugi...
No matter what happens,
I'll give it my all
so we can win.